When I casually dropped the bombshell recently
that we're building a LAN gaming center.
Y'all understandably were like, what?
I have so many questions.
So I brought Chase and Dan out here
to get you guys the answers.
I can't wait to give you guys a tour
because there is so much going on in here.
Let's go.
We've got two units,
each of which is about 18,000 square feet.
And as you can see, they're brand new,
which comes with some drawbacks.
Things as simple as toilets and walls are BYO.
But it also means that no one else's junk
is in the way of us executing on our vision
of the ultimate LAN center.
There will still be some challenges.
We'll be sharing the parking allocation for this complex
with at least a dozen other tenants.
So, hey guys, do you mind if we use some of the spots
on the weekends?
Cool, but there's lots of other great stuff
about this building.
It's even got water.
Wow, water.
Look, there's even an area where you can touch grass.
You can fit so much power in this bad boy.
Speaking of power, that's one of the biggest challenges
when you're hosting a LAN event.
How many people are we trying to connect to this thing?
We're trying to fit 250 to 300 people in here
and we want to do multiple Whale LANs a year.
Whale LAN.
We're gonna show you guys exactly how we're gonna do it
after the segue to our sponsor.
Build Redux.
You can build your dream gaming rig with Build Redux.
You can customize your build any way you want
and let Build Redux do the heavy lifting
all at a price that's competitive
with building a PC yourself.
Check out Build Redux at the link down below.
Tour time.
Right now, we're standing in what's going to be
a closed off LAN equipment storage area
because under normal circumstances,
this is going to be a badminton center.
So the idea is everything we need to host a LAN
is on pallets and wrapped or on racking inside this area.
And what's our goal for roll out and unroll out?
We basically just want to roll out the entire LAN
in like a single day, set up all the tables,
set up all the power, all the networking,
and then roll it back into this area
so that we can be back to playing badminton
as fast as possible.
Freaking awesome.
But that means that there's some stuff
that we have to hardwire into the building.
So from the panel over here,
we're gonna be using these twist and lock power connectors.
They're called CS6369 connectors.
And then each of those is gonna be positioned,
what I think it was about 20 feet apart
all the way down the building.
Yeah, and each receptacle is gonna be 50 amp and 240 volt.
So we plug into a distribution box
and then that runs out to each lane
so we can power everyone's computer,
hopefully without an issue.
So then this side is gonna be check-in,
it's gonna be our stage,
it's gonna be kind of like console or retro areas.
If we have any other booths or activations,
everything's gonna run along here.
That way you can kind of split the whole room.
For the console area,
we could steal my old projector setup.
Yeah.
We'll have full lighting control in here.
We're gonna just completely cover over all the windows
because you don't want any light for badminton
and you especially don't want any light for a LAN party.
So man, we could have like,
even like a couple projector walls
for people to play Smash or whatever.
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, if you look at this wall over here,
there's actually just these huge blank gaps.
That's perfect for projectors
and anything else you wanna throw up on the-
About that, bad news.
That wall is gonna be kind of an ugly color for badminton.
What color is it gonna be?
Green or blue.
Okay, well, we'll definitely just have to use
the other wall then.
Yeah, that wall is gonna be the same color.
Oh, okay.
For the same reason.
I guess we're gonna have to invest
in some projector screens.
Yeah, don't worry.
We've got a couple.
Okay, okay.
Enough power though.
We brought Dan here for a reason.
Let's talk about networking.
But to get there,
we're gonna have to kind of traverse the badminton area.
Where's the slots going, Linus?
Slots, you say?
Well, officially we aren't gonna have any,
but Chase, I think you were saying
we could put arcade machines along this wall?
Yeah, we could have a row here
or in this little corner right here.
So we have a lot of room for a lot of activities.
We don't have arcade machines.
We will figure something out.
I see.
Here on our way up, I'll give you the lay of the land.
This double door is gonna be staff only
and completely closed off during LAN events for security.
This is going to be the entrance, service area,
and pro shop for the badminton center.
This right here is gonna be
the world's most expensive hallway between the pro shop
and what will be the concession change room area.
And that's because these two units
were not really designed to be combined.
So there's a giant support beam here.
Ah, the reason I bring this up though
is under these stairwells,
there's gonna be a couple of little Harry Potter closets.
One of which is going to be a network closet
that is connected to, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
I'm not gonna run all the way there now.
It's quite far, which is the reason
that we need this little closet
because otherwise some of the lines along this wall
would have been too long.
Ethernet can only do about a hundred meters
before you start running into trouble.
On this side, this is gonna be all badminton all the time.
Although who knows if Wayland gets huge,
maybe we'll wire it up for power
or networking at some point.
It's gonna have badminton specific lighting though,
special HVAC so that there aren't air currents
within the space, all kinds of cool stuff.
Then over here, we're gonna have our change rooms
and our concession area.
So men's change room, little utility area
with a sink and washer dryer, that kind of stuff.
Women's change room.
Naturally, this is the women's with the natural light.
They always get the nicer bathrooms.
This is gonna be a little concession area.
We're hoping to have like, you know,
muffins, coffee, bubble tea, that sort of thing.
And then this is the stairwell that I was hoping to take up
and it's on the ground.
That's okay, we'll take the other one.
Hopefully that'll be fine.
This is to code, right?
Seems like it.
Here we are.
We're gonna have a little office space right here
and a network closet that I am deeply worried about this.
We're supposed to have one of those
big floor standing Eaton UPS units in here.
Wanna run us through what we're gonna have in here?
Well, I mean, we've got our UPS,
we've got our full-size rack,
we've got our switching infrastructure
for like the 300 individual ethernet runs.
We don't need 300 individual runs, do we?
Yeah, I mean, this place is massive.
We're getting all ethernet down the sides here.
We've got the fiber runs, we've got ethernet runs
for all of the ethernet connected speakers.
We've got all our visa machines downstairs.
All the cameras.
Taking security very seriously.
All of the door access.
Chase, do you have the plans?
Yeah, I do.
So this is the server room
and then the office right next to it.
So I don't know, this looks like it's right.
Yeah, that's right.
I think it was bigger at some point.
It's tall.
We could just put them on top of each other.
Like bunk beds, the servers.
I like that idea.
That's a good idea.
Linus does not seem amused.
Oh, okay.
How did this happen?
I mean, that's about 19 inches.
This could be our rack.
This is gonna be just like the one
under the stupid office stairs.
There's enough room, it'll be fine.
Well, we're gonna get that resolved,
but one way or another, about every 10 feet,
so twice as many drops as the power drops,
we're gonna have both ethernet and fiber.
In a perfect world, we're gonna use the fiber
and we're gonna have 25 gig going
to each row of computers.
So that would mean everyone gets
a full dedicated gigabit uplink
to what is not going to be the fastest internet ever,
but given that we're gonna have a Steam cache in here
that will also handle caching Windows updates
and all that other kind of cool stuff,
should be more than enough speed
for anything you guys would wanna do while you're here.
And then, because fiber's fragile
and this is gonna be a badminton center 98% of the time,
in case that gets damaged,
we're gonna have Cat 6A dropping down
to each of those spots as well
and the capability of having a 10 gig copper uplink
in case we need to.
It's like, you might have to slum it
with 500 megabit to your desk,
assuming everyone is hitting it at the same time.
I think you'll be all right.
Is this the bathroom up here, Dan?
I think so, considering there's a toilet hole
and another thing there.
Wasn't 100% sure if it was a toilet hole.
It does look like a toilet hole, though.
I mean, any hole's a toilet hole.
This is gonna be a kitchenette,
with the idea being that if we turn this
into a member's lounge or turn it into more gaming area
during LANs, you'd be able to, you know,
microwave some pizza pops or whatever the case may be
and then over here through this door is gonna be a gym.
Nothing heavy, we're not gonna have
like massive weight machines or anything like that.
I'm talking some treadmills and other cardio stuff,
maybe some medicine balls, that sort of thing
and then it'll also be an observation area
where you can kinda, you know,
your kid's got badminton lessons or something,
you can stand on the treadmill, watch the lesson.
Everything's kind of in flux right now, though.
It could change, just like, you know,
we changed this having stairs, ha ha.
In all seriousness, these stairs will come back.
The original plan was actually to have them go
down a little bit, across and then up to the other side
but there was a reason we couldn't do that.
I forget what it is.
So now we have this door.
Hey, I found the toilet for your toilet holes.
Oh, perfect, it makes a good stand, honestly.
Yeah, for the backpack from lttstore.com.
Hey, nice.
Why did you put yours on the bowl?
You said it wasn't used.
We should talk about how the PA system's gonna work.
That's right.
Man, there's nothing that makes me more angry
than a PA system that...
Could the owner of a [inaudible]
Whose lights are on?
I don't know.
So I tasked Dan, who actually has a ton of experience
in audio, with coming up with a PA system
that's gonna not suck and we ended up with...
It's a full Dante integration
with ethernet connected POE speakers pretty much everywhere.
Honestly, seeing this place for the first time today
I'm a little concerned, but I think it'll be fine.
Oh good, that's always a good sign.
Thankfully, one of the controllers that we got
for this has some really powerful echo rejection as well
cause we're gonna have wireless microphones
and things like that.
Yes.
Some of the major issues with having microphones
in a giant echo chamber like this
is the speakers feeding back into the microphones.
However, one thing that's gonna help is,
you know how we always spray the ceilings
in our buildings?
You're gonna do that?
We're gonna do it here as well.
Because as much as I love the sound of like,
I actually hate that sound.
I also hate being standing on the opposite side of the court
and not being able to hear what the other person's saying
because of all the standing waves.
Of course.
So yeah, we're gonna spray it.
And then in the longterm,
we'd like to also get some giant panels
and just kind of plunk them on the wall
every once in a while as well.
That'll be great.
Yeah, we're gonna do some hanging speakers up there.
All of the speakers are gonna be along the walls as well.
In here, we're gonna do them everywhere.
How many speakers are we gonna have?
I think it's like 40 or something.
It's a lot, but I mean, the place is giant, right?
There's really only one or two in here.
The nice thing about doing Dante
is for the microphones and things like that,
any ethernet jack in the building,
you can just plug them in and you're good to go.
All of which is obviously gonna be great for LANs,
but also good for badminton.
We wanna run tournaments here.
And when you're calling people to their court,
it's nice to be able to actually hear them,
especially if you're in the change room
or something like that.
And in the longterm, we have very big dreams
for what we could do technologically here for badminton.
We're gonna have cameras on every court
right out of the gate.
So if you're running a tournament or something like that,
you can just send a Twitch link to your parents
and they can watch or cool stuff like that for the kids.
And then in the longterm,
we'd love to use those cameras
to have a little instant replay.
You see these trenches on the floors?
Each of these is gonna carry power and networking
from the wall to the center between each court.
And the idea is that we could run anything here,
but in the shortterm, the plan is to have TVs.
One here, one here, one here, one here.
So then on each court, after each point,
the camera says, okay, hey, the shuttle touched the floor,
use machine vision for that.
And then it'll play back the last three or four seconds
so that you don't have any disputes
about line calls, for example.
I would love to automate scorekeeping in the very longterm,
but that's gonna take some serious work
and maybe a bigger network closet
for all the GPUs that would have to power it.
Bunk beds.
We're not doing bunk beds, Dan.
We're doing bunk beds.
Now we'll be fine.
I mean, we've got the Camino, which has six 4090s in it.
That'll fit in there.
They're gonna need that back.
Since we're here,
did you guys have any other questions or concerns?
Yeah, are we gonna be covering up all of these windows,
especially the ones on the roof and the sides?
All the windows are going to be blacked out.
Okay, perfect.
Yeah, we want perfect light control in here for badminton.
And then for a LAN, in the longer term,
I'd love to have two sets of lights,
visible lights and then black lights.
So we could just turn the whole place
like rave style, all black light.
I think that'd be super cool.
That would be a ton of fun.
You could get those ones that blind people?
No, no.
We get the ones where we'd have like UV reactive paint
and then we'd put some stuff on the walls.
That only shows up when you're hosting the LAN.
Sign the wall kind of thing and UV light?
For middle of the night stuff.
There's no reason we couldn't bring some stuff
from LTX, right?
Yeah, we could bring anything that we still have
from LTX back here.
So like the RC cars, the retro corner,
any of those kinds of booths.
If we still have some of the stuff kicking around-
How fun would that be?
Okay.
It would depend though.
The RC cars, would we be playing badminton
on the weekends on that side of the building?
During the day, certainly.
But whether it would be happening at night
depends on whether we have 24 seven access
for badminton club members.
Got it.
And that's TBD right now.
So almost certainly we won't at the very beginning.
So I see no reason why we couldn't open up those doors
at night and just like go hog wild over there.
Yeah, I mean, it gives us a ton of space
to just do some fun activations if we have anything
that needs a little bit more room.
And I think I did pretty okay with the speaker placements.
There's going to be a center one just above you.
And then of course kind of dotted around with all the walls.
And if you treat it, then I think this will be okay.
Right now it definitely needs it.
Oh yeah.
I want to convolution this so I can capture it.
It's a beautiful reverb.
Horrendous.
Yeah.
Send me that.
And while you're at it,
maybe send him this message from our sponsor.
Squarespace.
Creating your own website shouldn't be difficult.
Luckily with Squarespace, it's not.
Their all-in-one platform makes it easy
to get your website up and running quickly.
Just start with their fluid engine site builder,
pick a template and then you can customize
every detail imaginable with drag and drop technology
for desktop or for mobile.
Then you upload whatever photos or files you need
and the Squarespace asset library lets you manage
all of your files from one central hub
and use them across the Squarespace platform.
And then once your site is out in the wild,
you'll get detailed analytic insights
so you can see what's working well
and what needs a little TLC.
And if you need help,
Squarespace has got your back with helpful guides
and a 24 seven support team.
So don't wait.
Go to squarespace.com forward slash LTT
and get 10% off today.
If you guys enjoyed this video,
hey, I'm gonna throw over to the Channel Super Fun we did
in the studio back when it was just an empty box like this.
Man, looking at it now,
it's hard to believe that it was ever just bare concrete
and walls and I promise you guys,
this place is gonna look flipping amazing
even though it doesn't look like much yet.
Chase is on the case.
It's a Paw Patrol reference.
I can tell you have kids.